Limitation of project resource (#30)
jfrog/terraform-provider-project: docs/resources/project.md

  }
  max_storage_in_gibibytes   = 10
  block_deployments_on_limit = false
  email_not

> ification         = true

Reviewer: gofmt/linting issue

Author: fixed.

    description  = "Developer role"
    type         = "CUSTOM"
    environments = ["DEV"]
    actions      = ["READ_REPOSITORY", "ANNOT

>       ATE_REPOSITORY", "DEPLOY_CACHE_REPOSITORY", "DELETE_OVERWRITE_REPOSITORY", "TRIGGER_PIPELINE", "READ_INTEGRATIONS_PIPELINE", "READ_POOLS_PIPELINE", "MANAGE_INTEGRATIONS_PIPELINE", "MANAGE_SOURCES_PIPELINE", "MANAGE_POOLS_PIPELINE"]

Reviewer: gofmt/linting issue

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **max_storage_in_gibibytes** (Number) Storage quota in GiB. Must be 1 or larger. Set to -1 for unlimited storage. This is translated to binary bytes for Artifactory API. So for 1TB quota, this should be set to 1024 (vs 1000) which will translate to 1099511627776 bytes for the API.
- **member** (Block Set) Member of the project. Element has one to one mapping with the [JFrog Project Users API](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+REST+API#ArtifactoryRESTAPI-UpdateUserinProject). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--member))

> - **repos** (Set of String) List of existing repo keys to be assigned to the project. You can set a maximum 100 repo keys. (see [below for limitations on maximum number of repos](#repoNumLimitations)). You can override the default value by setting an environment value `REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE`

Reviewer: Please add an example, e.g. "`export REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE=200`".

Author: documentation updated and example given.

> - **repos** (Set of String) List of existing repo keys to be assigned to the project. You can set a maximum 100 repo keys. (see [below for limitations on maximum number of repos](#repoNumLimitations)). You can override the default value by setting an environment value `REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE`. E.g. To override the default maximum allowable repos from 100 to 200 use `export REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE=200`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **repos** (Set of String) List of existing repo keys to be assigned to the project. You can set a maximum 100 repo keys. (se [below for limitations on the maximum number of repos](#repoNumLimitations)). You can override the default value by setting an environment value `REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE`. E.g. To override the default maximum allowable repos from 100 to 200 use `export REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE=200`.
```

Reviewer 2: This behavior I think will be confusing. 1 place to set it, in HCL. But you need the override flag so:

```hcl

project_project {

   repos  = [ ] // 300 repos here
}

```
REPO_LIMIT_OVERRIDE=true terraform apply
```

Optional:

- **description** (String)

## Note
<a name="repoNumLimitations"></a>
### Limitations of Repository assign/unassign to/from Project

> Project provider has limitations to assign or unassign large number of repositories through `repos` attribute. With more than a certain number of repos you might observe system disruptions and all the repositories might not get assigned/unassigned to/from desired project. As per our analysis, it is **recommended to limit the number of repos within 100** to get a desired result. JFrog Engineering team is working on further improvement to ensure better user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The project provider has limitations on its ability to assign or unassign a large number of repositories through the `repos` attribute. With more than a certain number of repos you might observe system disruptions and all the repositories might not be assigned/unassigned to/from the desired project. As per our analysis, it is **recommended to limit the number of repos to 100** to avoid internal platform limitations. The JFrog Engineering team is working on further improvement to ensure a better user experience.
```

Optional:

- **description** (String)

## Note
### Repository assignment & unassignment Limitations

> - Project provider has limitations while assigning or de-assigning large number of repositories through repos attribute. With large number of repos you might observe system disruptions and all the repositories might not get assigned/unassigned to/from desired project.

Reviewer: "unassign"

Reviewer: This is just regular paragraph. No need to be bullet point.

Author: Done

> - Project provider has limitations while assigning or de-assigning large number of repositories through repos attribute. With large number of repos you might observe system disruptions and all the repositories might not get assigned/unassigned to/from desired project.

Reviewer 2: When you say "large number" how many are we talking?

Author: documentation updated with definitive number

> - Try to limit number of repos with in 10 to get a desired result.

Reviewer 2: Why don't we experiment and see where that limit is, then actually put a validator on it with an override?

Reviewer 2: I mean, if we overload it and we shatter the service, then that's just bad

Author: Found out the yield point on Partnership engineering environment. 100 Repos and 15 retries.

Author: validator implemented with an override from environment.

> - Engineering team is working on further improvement.

Reviewer: "JFrog engineering team"

Author: Done

Optional:

- **description** (String)

## Note

> - Project provider has limitations assigning large number of repositories through `repos` attribute.    

Reviewer: This is not adequate for our users. Please provide more details for workaround(s). For example:
- what's the error the users will see?
- how to use the cli to limit parallel processing
- how many repos is the rough limit where this issue occurs

Put yourself in the shoes of our users who has no idea about this limitation. What information will help them move forward with using this provider?

Author: updated the text. @alexhung can you please review the text.
